Add tt [cluster] replicaset promote/demote reference (#4194)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/tooling/tt_cli/cluster.rst

    $ tt cluster publish myapp source.yaml

.. _tt-cluster-publish-centralized:

> Managing configurations in centralized storages

Reviewer: > Managing configurations in centralized storages

Publishing ?

``tt cluster replicaset promote`` promotes the specified instance,
making it a leader of its replica set.
This command works on Tarantool clusters with centralized configuration and
with :ref:`failover modes <configuration_reference_replication_failover>`
``off`` and ``manual``. It updates the centralized configuration according to
the specified arguments and reloads it:

-   ``off`` failover mode: the command sets :ref:`database.mode <configuration_reference_database_mode>`
    to ``rw`` on the specified instance.

    .. important::

        If failover is ``off``, the command doesn't consider the modes of other
        replica set members, so there can be any number of read-write instances in one replica set.

-   ``manual`` failover mode: the command updates the :ref:`leader <configuration_reference_replicasets_name_leader>`
    option of the replica set configuration. Other instances of this replica set become read-only.

Example:

..  code-block:: console

    $ tt cluster replicaset promote "http://localhost:2379/myapp" storage-001-a

.. _tt-cluster-replicaset-demote:

demote
~~~~~~

.. code-block:: console

    $ tt cluster replicaset demote URI INSTANCE_NAME [OPTION ...]

> ``tt cluster replicaset demote`` demotes an instances in a replica set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``tt cluster replicaset demote`` demotes an instance in a replica set.
```

to ``ro`` and reloads the configuration.

.. important::

    If failover is ``off``, the command doesn't consider the modes of other
    replica set members, so there can be any number of read-write instances in one replica set.

.. _tt-cluster-replicaset-details:

Implementation details
----------------------

The changes that ``tt cluster replicaset`` makes to the configuration storage
occur transactionally. Each call creates a new revision. In case of a revision mismatch,
an error is raised.

If the cluster configuration is distributed over multiple keys in the configuration
storage (for example, in two paths ``/myapp/config/k1`` and ``/myapp/config/k2``),
the affected instance configuration can be present in more that one of them.
If it is found under several different keys, the command prompts the user to choose
a key for patching. You can skip the selection by adding the ``-f``/``--force`` option:

..  code-block:: console

    $ tt cluster replicaset promote "http://localhost:2379/myapp" storage-001-a --force

In this case, the command selects the key for patching automatically. A key's priority

> is determined by the detail level of the instance or replicaset configuration stored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is determined by the detail level of the instance or replica set configuration stored
```

under this key. For example, when failover is ``off``, a key with

> ``instance.database`` options takes precedence over a key with the only ``instance`` field.

Reviewer: > ``instance.database`` options takes

option or take?

Author: subject (`a key with "database" options`) takes precedence ...

In case of equal priority, the first key in the lexicographical order is patched.

.. _tt-cluster-authentication:

Authentication
--------------

There are three ways to pass the credentials for connecting to the centralized configuration storage.
They all apply to both etcd and Tarantool-based storages. The following list
shows these ways ordered by precedence, from highest to lowest:

> #.  Credentials specified in the storage URI: ``https://username:password@host:port/prefix``:

Reviewer: I'd use an unordered list here
